(#862) Deployment Computer Upgrade All Software (#868)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/central-management/usage/website/computers.md

![Computer details screen showing installed software](/assets/images/computers/ccm-computers-details.png)

## Upgrading All Outdated Software on a Computer

Upgrading all outdated Software installed on a Computer can be done from two pages:

1. In the leftmost column of the Computer table you will find an :gear: **Actions** menu which will display a **Upgrade Outdated Software** option.

  ![Finding the Upgrade Outdated Software menu entry for a specific Computer on the Computers page](/assets/images/computers/ccm-computers-upgrade-all-software-menu.png)

> 1. From the Computer Details page in Chocolatey Central Management, click the **Create New Deployment Plan** button and select the **Upgrade Outdated Software** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the Computer Details page, click the :gear: **Actions** button and select the **Upgrade Outdated Software** option.
```

Reviewer 2: I have updated this PR with this change.
